fifteen new iPhone tricks you had no
idea about while your favorite fruit
company I'm talking about Apple here
keeps releasing new iPhone models and
iOS all the time you must be wondering
what's really so new about them after
all no worries
you're in the right place to find it all
out before you update your iPhone
knowledge to the latest version go ahead
and click that subscribe button and ring
the bell icon to join the Brightside 15
protect your device to the max it's
really hard to fake a fingerprint or
whole face for recognition but still
your iPhone is 100% safe only if you
have a super strong password that no one
can guess if it's one two three four or
your birthday it's just not gonna do
sorry
iOS now once its users to create six
digit passwords but to make things even
harder for hackers you can set yourself
an alphanumeric password that is one
that consists of both letters and
numbers to do so go to your settings tap
touch ID and passcode its face ID and
passcode on x-series models and change
passcode when it comes to picking the
new passcode open passcode options and
choose the custom alphanumeric code
voila now your only task is not to
forget the new super secure password
you've just created 14 use all of the
new emoji Apple proudly announced that
they added 146 emoji to iOS 12.1 a good
half of them are skin tone variations
and you have 76 totally new emoji to
explore and add to your messages a
frozen smiley a bagel with spread on it
finally a pirate flag a toilet paper
roll a swan a llama and a cupcake these
are a few of my personal favorites 13
take pictures as you shoot videos
have you ever had to face the uneasy
choice between taking a video or picture
of an important event this dilemma is
now history since you can take pictures
while shooting videos all you have to do
is tap the camera button while recording
video it's right there on the screen
next to the shutter button your photo
won't be in the maximum quality your
iPhone is capable of but you'll still
have pretty nice pictures and videos
twelve use portrait lighting wisely if
you're one of the lucky owners of iPhone
7 and 8 plus iPhone 10 iPhone XS or X s
max you probably already love using
portrait lighting as you take pictures
with your phone it blurs the background
and highlights the object of your
photography in an artsy way you can pick
the best portrait mode based on lighting
as you shoot scroll through the circular
menu that pops up in portrait mode to
choose between natural light that's set
by default studio light probably your
best choice since it brightens up the
foreground contour light which you
should be careful with since it often
makes people look kinda disheveled and
stage light the latter has two versions
and both sort of relocate the subject
against a dark background the best part
is that you can try out the different
effects after you've taken the picture
in portrait mode just edit them using
the hexagon icon 11 find songs by their
lyrics got a song stuck in your head but
you don't know what it's called you can
now find it directly in the music app by
typing the lyrics you remember in the
search line or ask Siri to do it for you
now play it or download it and finally
enjoy that earworm 10 measure things
with your iPhone iOS 12 comes with a
measure app that can be helpful if you
need to find out the dimensions of
objects go to the app and it'll let you
choose to move the iPhone to start
you'll see circles pop up that lets you
add points the app will then tell you
the distance between the points you
picked the
SAP can also come in handy if you need
to find out if your curtain rod or
poster on the Wallace level it's
possible thanks to iPhone shy risco
which determines if the surface is even
or not you can calibrate it on a
perfectly flat surface before checking
things 9 try group FaceTime you've been
waiting for it and it's finally here you
can now take part in or start group
calls for up to 31 people at a time to
initiate such a massive FaceTime
yourself type all the contacts you need
into the address box when you start a
chat you can also do that from messages
the tiles of each participant will be
different in size depending on when they
spoke you can double tap on any one to
see a larger image of them 8 customize
your can't answer the call messages this
is a solution for whenever you can't
pick up the phone and would like to let
people know why instead of just sending
them the voicemail you can pick one of
the ready excuses sorry I can't talk
right now I'm on my way or can I call
you later or create your own more
personal ones to send to close friends
and family
open your settings go to phone and then
respond with text you'll have to
sacrifice one or all of the existing
options since you only have three of
those in total now when you get a call
you can't pick up you either tap the
message button or swipe the phone icon
upward to send your customized excuse 7
save a webpage as a PDF if there's a
super long document you want to read or
some story you found online by can't
finish right now don't sweat it
you can save it as a PDF in your books
app tap share in your browser and either
pick the books app icon to save it there
or save the information to files if you
don't have that app 6 shake to undo
[Music]
imagine you're typing a long work email
on your phone and accidentally delete a
really important line you've been
writing and checking for 10 or so
minutes just shake your iPhone and the
undo/redo box will pop up this is also
handy if you typed in something by
mistake in the wrong conversation window
just don't drop your phone as you shake
it five tap to return to the time when
you finish a huge note or a ridiculously
long list of emails the last thing you
want to do is scroll back to the top so
just tap to top pressing on the very top
of your phone screen will help you avoid
endless scrolling and land you right to
the top of the list this trick will work
in most apps for adapt the keyboard to
use it with one hand do you ever get
annoyed when typing because the letters
on your electronic keyboard seem too far
away from each other this is no longer a
problem
here's how to get there go to Settings
General keyboard and one-handed keyboard
then pick left or right option 3 use the
spacebar to navigate through your text
dragging the cursor to wherever you want
it to be is a meticulous job if you
don't want to waste your time and nurse
on it just try the magical space bar
solution click and hold the space bar
and then move the cursor wherever you
need it most right now there you go you
can thank me later or now you know
that'd be cool too to make autocorrect
your best friend while many people have
a love/hate relationship with
autocorrect you can customize it to work
just fine for you you probably know
which words or phrases you use most
often so create your personalized
shortcuts for them for example if you
want to type BSB and have your phone
automatically transform it into
Brightside is the best here's what you
should do open Settings General keyboard
go to text replacement to see the list
of your already existing shortcuts hit
the plus sign to create a new one type
in the phrase Brightside is the best
and then the short version BSB save it
and try to type it in messages easy
peasy
one limit the time you spend on your
iPhone as much as you love your phone
it's definitely a huge time eater to
learn exactly how much time you spend on
it open screen time in settings it'll
show you what apps take up most of your
time and how often you look at your
phone throughout just one day or the
last week you can restrict usage of some
apps during work or school hours or in
the evening if you choose to make it
your downtime you can also opt to use
certain apps for a limited amount of
time a day like just one hour which of
these tips do you want to try most of
all tell us in the comments below be
sure to give this video a like share it
with anyone you know who has an iPhone
and click Subscribe to stay on the
bright side of life
[Music]
you